Contributing to JS80P
=====================

Reporting Bugs
--------------

If you find bugs, please report them at
https://github.com/attilammagyar/js80p/issues .

When reporting an issue, please provide at least the following information:

 * What JS80P version are you using?
 * What host application or DAW are you using?
 * What operating system are you using?
 * How is JS80P set up?
 * How can the bug be reproduced, what sequence of actions will trigger it?

Feature Requests, Pull Requests
-------------------------------

JS80P is a personal project, therefore its supported use cases, set of
functionalities, development directions, etc. are matters of the author's
personal taste and needs.

Before investing a significant amount of work into creating a pull request, it
is recommended to open an issue at
https://github.com/attilammagyar/js80p/issues to consult with the author
whether it will be likely to be merged. Small, simple patches that e.g. fix
compilation issues for various target platforms, add compatibility with
currently unsupported ones, or fix bugs are appreciated and are likely to be
added to the project, while large, complex patches that add new features, or
otherwise demand a significantly increased maintenance effort are less likely
to be merged, especially not within a short time frame.

All contributions are subject to review, and the project maintainer reserves
the right to accept, modify, or reject contributions at their discretion.

Licensing
---------

By submitting a contribution, you certify that the contribution is your
original work, or that you have the right to submit it under the project's
license (GPLv3), and that you agree to license your contributions under the
same terms.

AI Generated Code
-----------------

As specified in the Licensing section, contributors are responsible for
ensuring that they have the right to contribute the code that they are
contributing, to this GPLv3 licensed project. That includes making sure that
the code does not violate anyone's copyright, patent rights, trade secrets, or
any applicable law, regardless of whether the code is generated by AI, written
manually, or made with any combination of those or in any other way.

When in doubt, contributors are encouraged to avoid submitting code generated
by any AI system where the licensing of outputs is unclear.
